Yesterday, on the wedding anniversary of the president of the Night Market Group
His wife was in the bathroom with the male secretary
Husband answers the phone
Pick up the phone
Hello, the phone you dialed is turned off.
Why don't you answer my phone?
Trash makes you unable to find anyone
What's the use of you
Get out of here
You jerk
How dare you come back?
Husband, are you alright?
Don't touch me with your dirty mouth and hands
Sir, you're bleeding
I'll go to the hospital with you.
The bastard was your husband yesterday
Pretending to be pitiful in front of my husband today
You hurry up and roll for me
I'm the one who matters
As long as I'm here
No one has the right to make him understand
husband
Husband, didn't you rest well yesterday?
I'll get you some hot water
You go take a bath
And wait a minute, do you have anything to eat?
I'll make it for you
Husband Lao Wei, where are you going?
madam
Mr. Wei's love is really a soldier
This bastard
I'm going to kill you!